an evil force took his life
an unearthly power has brought him back
he is a phantom a wraith a cosmic spirit
given another chance uh are you new in
town
yeah who's the kid i turned my back and
the next second he was there
like magic almost you ever seen one of
those before ah let's just add it to our
collection
there's a kid out there using his car to
kill people not that it's such a big
deal since it seems to be your gang he's
got it in for
hold on
a rain man a ghost an evil spirit and it
ain't
cool what are you doing get in the car
what are you doing man you cut out of my
face burger boy you want to bed like
your brother
[Music]
ticked off
i see his eyes loomis
who are you
the wraith if you've done nothing wrong
you've got nothing to fear
[Music]
you